# TSA-game
This project is committed to make a game for TSA competition. It is a platformer with a ninja advancing through levels to win the game.
Sensei Conquest is an action packed 2d platformer at which the player advances through levels encountering several enemies, items, and terrain types. The game includes 3 different stages including swamp, electric, and a city. We hope that our game can entertain many people.
Although we believe that it will entertain many, the game is targeted to people from 8-12 years old. Although this is a young age group, anyone could pick up the game and have fun with it. 
Our game is unique in many ways.One of the main reasons is the diversity. Sensei conquest contains many types of enemies and different moves that they can do. Another reason that it is unique is the large amount of landscapes that you can find. No two levels are the same and all have a different look or idea. 
 Sensei Conquest has very simple controls. These controls include: Up arrow is to jump, left arrow is to move left, and the right arrow moves you to the right. The WASD keys do the exact same thing as the arrow keys and can be used interchangeably. The WASD keys controls are: W is to jump, A is to move to the left, and D is to move to the right. Lastly, to throw shurikens you press the spacebar. The shurikens will go in whatever direction the character is facing. 
To play the game you first have to load in then change the volume in the settings menu at the top right corner. Once this is complete you press start. Once you are into the game you have to make your way through the levels and reach the portal. Once you reach the portal you will transport to the next level. During each level you have to avoid many obstacles such as enemies, water, and platforms. You can also find coins throughout the level, these coins don’t currently do anything but in future updates we will add a shop. 
There are many things to expect during different levels. During the first 15, swamp, levels you will find the enemies as slimes. There are two different types of slimes, jumping slimes and exploding slimes. The jumping slimes shoot slimeballs at you and only move vertically. These slimeballs don’t do damage but they do slow you down. Exploding slimes move horizontally and explode once you get close to them. This explosion does one heart of damage.
The other things you will encounter during the swamp levels are platforms, trees, water, and ground. Platforms are things that you can jump on and can help you progress through the levels. Platforms are solid and you can not pass through them. Next is swamp water, swamp water will be only at the very bottom of the screen and if you land in it you will instantly die. Then, there are the trees. The trees act similar to the platforms but just have a different look. Lastly there is the ground. The ground has the exact same properties as the platforms but looks different. There are textures of ground for the corners of the screen, the bottom, and the top of the screen.
During levels 16-19, the electric levels, you will encounter different colors of lasers. The yellow lasers that you will find can’t be turned off or on and will damage you if you pass through. You will also find other colors of lasers such as blue, pink, and red. Alongside these 3 colors you will find buttons matching the color of the laser. Once you jump on any of these it will turn off the color of the laser corresponding to the button. Once the laser is turned off if you jump on the button again you can turn the laser back on.
You will also find platforms similar to the swamp levels. These platforms have all the functions just a different design. Also for both the swamp and electric levels there will be portals. Once you touch the portal you will progress to the next level.
